update protocol detection doc (#1848)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2.16/features/protocol-detection.md

This section will help you understand how to fix this.
{{< /note >}}

> To do protocol detection, Linkerd waits for up to 10 seconds to see bytes sent

Reviewer: i appreciate that this is more specific about the time linkerd waits, instead of the previous "_in some cases_" verbiage.

from the client. Note that until the protocol has been determined, Linkerd
cannot even establish a connection to the destination, since HTTP routing
configuration may inform where this connection is established to.

If Linkerd does not see enough data from the client within 10 seconds from
connection establishment to determine the protocol, Linkerd will treat the
connection as an opaque TCP connection and will proceed as normal, establishing
the connection to the destination and proxying the data.

In practice, protocol detection timeouts typically happen when the application
is using a protocol where the server sends data before the client does (such as

> SMTP) or a protocol that proactively establish connections without sending data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SMTP) or a protocol that proactively establishes connections without sending data
```

nit

(such as Memcache). In this case, everything will work, but Linkerd will
introduce an unnecessary 10 second delay before connection establishment.

To avoid this delay, you can provide some configuration for Linkerd. There are
two basic mechanisms for configuring protocol detection: _opaque ports_ and
_skip ports_:

> * Opaque ports instruct Linkerd to skip protocol detection and proxy the
>   connection as a TCP stream
> * Skip ports bypass the proxy entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Opaque ports instruct Linkerd to skip protocol detection and proxy the
  connection as a TCP stream.
* Skip ports bypass the proxy entirely.
```

punctuation consistency nit, predates these changes

> Opaque ports are generally preferred as they allow Linkerd to still provide
> mTLS, TCP-level metrics, policy, etc. Skip ports, by contrast, create networking
> rules that avoid the proxy entirely, circumventing Linkerd's ability to provide
> security features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opaque ports are generally preferred as they only skip protocol detection, without interfering with Linkerd's ability to provide
mTLS, TCP-level metrics, policy, etc. Skip ports, by contrast, create networking
rules that avoid the proxy entirely, circumventing Linkerd's ability to provide
security features.
```

a "tioli" (take it or leave it) suggestion. this phrasing tries to be a little more explicit about the distinction between the two mechanisms, and why opaque ports are recommended.

> Opaque ports are generally preferred as they only skip protocol detection, without interfering with Linkerd's ability to provide
> mTLS, TCP-level metrics, policy, etc. Skip ports, by contrast, create networking
> rules that avoid the proxy entirely, circumventing Linkerd's ability to provide
> security features.

Reviewer 2: Stupid line-length limits...

```suggestion
Opaque ports are generally preferred as they only skip protocol detection,
without interfering with Linkerd's ability to provide mTLS, TCP-level metrics,
policy, etc. Skip ports, by contrast, create networking rules that avoid the
proxy entirely, circumventing Linkerd's ability to provide security features.
```

## Marking ports as opaque

You can use the `config.linkerd.io/opaque-ports` annotation to mark a port as
opaque. Linkerd will skip protocol detection on opaque ports, and treat
connections to them as TCP streams.

This annotation should be set on the _destination_, not on the source, of the
traffic. This is true even if the destination is unmeshed, as it controls the
behavior of meshed clients.

> This annotation *must* be set in two places:

Reviewer 2: Whoa, this is a big semantic change! Is this really true?

Reviewer 3: Yes, when clients discover policies for a service clusterIP and port, we need to be able to know opaqueness at the service level. If the service is a headless, the service-level annotation will be ignored (because discovery cannot be for the clusterIP), but the general advice to annotate services is correct.

Reviewer 2: Specifically, the old version of this doc says that you can set `config.linkerd.io/opaque-ports` on _either_ the Service or the destination pods/namespace, but this version says that you _must_ set it in both places. That's the semantic change I'm asking about.

It makes a lot of sense to me that there are cases that you'd want to annotate the Service; it's very surprising to me if we're changing to saying that you must annotate both the Service _and_ the destination pods/namespace.

Reviewer 3: It is also required to configure the workloads (via Server or annotation) to control inbound behavior when clients are unmeshed or do not target a clusterIP service.

Author: Basically there are situations where one or the other suffice, and thus the "must" is not strictly necessary. But rather than describing the nuances of those situations I opted to just say, you must set it in both places. If you think that's overkill I'm not committed to the choice, so feel free to suggest other language and we can iterate.
